# cool-beans-final-project

## Elevator Pitch
For the existing client who needs an updated system for tracking and analysis of orders and get new customers, the cool beans system is a tracking an analysis system for the client that allows them to better understand the performance of their business.
Unlike their previous system, our product will collate data from multiple data from multiple shops and analyse data of new customers.

## The MoSCoW

### Must
* Data visualisation of branches  
* Data storage in CSV
* Importing and exporting function
* ETL
* Collect sales data from each branch  
  * Application monitoring software will be used to produce operational metrics, such as system errors, up-time and more
* GUI
* Error checking / Unit test

### Should
* Frequency of purchase of items
* General customer data 
* User friendly app

### Could
* Tracking what products are purchased together
* Personalised customer data 
* Data about specific locations

### Won't
* Handling Courier data 
* Compare products


## The Approach

* cafe branches
* export to csv
* sent to cload
* extract from csv to data warehouse
* process the data
* analyse the data
* data visualisation
* represent the analysis of data to the client

## SMART Goals

1. In a weeks time, have a concrete weekly plan. Assign roles and tasks effectively for each cool bean to be able to work as a team efficiently.


----

We are building a system to create statistics and analysis of data of what client is selling and how to grow customers by keeping existing ones and reaching new customers

## Description

The café has seen unprecedented growth and has expanded to hundreds of outlets across the country. Due to the demand the company is receiving, they need to figure out how they can best target new and returning customers, and also understand which products are selling well. Our client are experiencing issues with collating and analysing the data they are producing at each branch, as their technical setup is limited.

This pipeline will collect all the transaction data generated by each individual café and place it in a single location. By being able to easily query the company's data as a whole, the client will drastically increase their ability to identify company-wide trends and insights.

## Getting Started

### Dependencies

* Describe any prerequisites, libraries, OS version, etc., needed before installing program.
* ex. Windows 10

### Installing

* How/where to download your program
* Any modifications needed to be made to files/folders

### Executing program

* How to run the program
* Step-by-step bullets
```
code blocks for commands
```

## Help

Any advise for common problems or issues.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
```

## Authors

Contributors names and contact info

* Joshua Adelowo
* Ahmed Afrah
* Muslime Ersoy (Lili)
* Rosalind Robert

## Version History

* 0.1
    * 
